---
id: 202304
title: April 2023
displayed_sidebar: releaseSideBar
---

### Apr 20 2023

**Improvements**
- Nodes are now collapsible in the Flow Editor
- "Add Nodes" drawer UI modified to add nodes as cards

**Bug Fixes**
- Nodes with SQL queries now error out upon query failure

### Apr 13 2023

**Features/Updates**
- [Dashboards](../Dashboards.mdx) are now available in Ganymede. Datasets available for dashboards can be based either on tables within the environment, or on SQL queries of tables.
- [Ganymede SDK](../GanymedeSDK.mdx) now has convenience functions for listing and retrieving files and tables within the editor notebook environment

**Improvements**
- Flow Runs are now available to track in the bottom drawer of the Flow Editor.
- Environment no longer needs to be specified on SQL queries run in editor notebooks.

**Bug Fixes**
- Verbose node logs now wrap properly within the modal, instead of overflowing.

### Apr 6 2023

**Features/Updates**
- Users can now receive email notifications when a Flow fails. This setting is available in the Manage sidebar of a Flow, where email addresses can be specified.

**Improvements**
- In editor notebooks, MockGanymedeContext can now be used to populate template variables in SQL queries while testing.

**Bug Fixes**
- Some Benchling entities were not appearing in the tag dropdown. This has been resolved, and all Benchling entities in Ganymede now appear in the dropdown.
- File watcher settings no longer appear modifiable while the file watcher is active.
- Minor UI updates were made to the sidebar to ensure it scales correctly.
- A few elements in the UI appeared clickable, but were not. Those non-clickable elements no longer appear to be clickable.

